Thank you very much, everyone, for your participation, and thank you again for welcoming everyone.
And again, today I'm going to talk a little bit about the pure land of Amitabha, or Dewacheen,
and Amitabha. This is, I think, very important, really, for all us practitioners to be connected
with Amitabha most strongly, even though we are really practicing very beautiful Vaijayana
teachings and so many beautiful other things. But according to the greatest teacher of Buddha
Shakyamuni, to connecting to Amitabha is so special, so important, and so beneficial to
prepare all our obligations and the commitment of the both each other. It is really so, so powerful
and so special.
So that's what I live with, I talk as much as according to my capabilities, some degree
to reactivate your connection, all our connection, to the Amitabha this time. That is what. But
in order to begin this, again, we correct all our beautiful motivations, and that is
the foundation of entirely Buddha teachings. Whenever we're studying, contemplating, practice
or meditating is so crucial, not just so crucial, but if we like to really make this Dharma
practice,
Dharma teaching, observe it so perfectly, the correct motivation is the point. That is the key.
With all the correct motivation, even we are receiving the teachings, listening to the teachings
or practicing Dharma or something, it's kind of going in different directions. Therefore, to
absorb the teaching and practice it into the heart and bring the seedling call of the
realization and fulfillment, it is correct motivation. And that is, again, just a symbol
that we mentioned so many times, and you all know, present teaching from many great masters,
and it is joy and appreciation. Joy and appreciation to our situation,
circumstances, not kind of ignoring and put that in kind of a naive state. It's really
highlighting, precious life, precious opportunity, precious teaching. Its abundance was precious
the way we are surrounded. And the power of our conditions are also something really we have.
Very good, because we are eating freedom or lack of coke. Call it this. Call it this. So,
therefore, for joy and appreciation. And together with the bodhicata, the bodhicata,
what is the motivation of the bodhicata, thinking of all living beings. As a great teacher,
Buddha Shakyamuni, all the lineage masters said as one voice, bodhicata is the practices.
Bodhicata is the foundation. Bodhicata is the achievement of the enlightenment.
This is really the foundation. Our foundation of bodhicata, our path is bodhicata. Our goal,
when we become the Buddha or activate our realization, we discover the completely bodhicata.
So, therefore, why we don't touch to the basic, so important goodness, our own spiritual, the dh
arma
junims, according to Mahayana teachings. So, bodhicata is so important. Then, we can add more,
one more. Again, this, the Mahayana teachings we connected, the entire universe is also really pure
land. As pure land was Amitabha, Deva Ching, Chikam, conducting those thought, is all known as
motivations. With those motivations, now we go to the Amitabha teachings. Generally, great teacher,
Bodhicaktamuni gave teachings. When he reached the enlightenment or become the Buddha, age 35,
until age 81, or 80, 80, 81, it's a different master's scholars to explain it different ways,
but whatever way around 80, in terms of Mahaparin, until that, over 45 years, I think, he gave the
teachings. The teachings that deals to remove our obscurations, obstacles, bring joy and peace,
happiness, and as well as Arhata-hood, bodhisattva-yana status, or enlightenment status, he gave a
variety
of teachings. A variety of teachings, teachings, and those old teachings. Among these Amitabha
practices is really one of the very, very powerful practices, powerful, and also according to the
teaching is a very, very commonness and easy to practice. Practice has a big result, big results.
Generally, Amitabha teaching, Bodhicaktamuni, so in the teachings of all the Mahayans,
Sotramahayana teachings, and as well as Vayayana teachings, but particularly this time, we are
following is Sotramahayana teachings, Amitabha Buddha gave many teachings on Amitabha teachings,
and a very famous one Amitabha Sutras, known as Amitabha, Sotra, or Dechi, or Bhamitim,
those Sotra of the Amitabha, and the Sotra of the display of the Amitabha,
of the pure hands, and also known as the drum of the immortals, those are very high light
teachings of the Amitabhas, and then as well as Lord Sotra, those all explaining about Amitabha,
or Buddha giving extensively teachings on Amitabha. So this Amitabha, what it said, what Buddha
said,
Amit for example, to get enlightenment according to Mahayana Sotras, the highest
accountability practitioners can reach enlightenment three countless eons, three countless eons,
three countless eons is not short, it's a long time to really take these journeys,
but Amitabha Sotra, every practices, it's the quickest one, fast ones, really you can
get rebirth in the pure of the Amitabha, there in the pure of Amitabha you can
accumulating and advancing all the boobies, and all the parts, parts, and for all the obligations
of both each other, and reach enlightenment. So therefore, according to many teachings,
many great masters, you say Amitabha is according to Sotra is the quickest way to reach
enlightenment,
and make meaningful and performant without any obstacles, that's really what it says.
In other words, in Sotra, even the fastest one to reach enlightenment is three countless eons,
that is what Amitabha practices, every practice that with according instructions,
then really according to teaching, then you take the rebirth in the, or we take the rebirth in the
pure of the Amitabha, and there we can advancing, developing, progressing all our part in the boob
ies,
five parts, and ten boobies, we can perform that. So that is really the Amitabhas, how powerful.
And now, in order to, this is again, who is the Amitabha actually, a ritual Amitabha,
and this is, Amitabha is enlightenment, total beings. In the Amitabha, there is Sotra,
Buddha, Ananda asked Buddha Shakyamuni, this Amitabha, Buddha explained all the beautiful,
call it the benefits and powers and beauties of the Amitabhas, Pure Land in Amitabha,
so Ananda asked, this Buddha is kind of, is gone in the past time, or is it going to come in the
future, or is he now, right now here? And Buddha said, it's not the past Buddha, it's not the
future of Buddha, it is the Buddha of right time, like this moment. So he's really living in Buddha
.
So that this Buddha, so this Buddha Amitabha is, has, why Amitabha? In Sanskrit, Amitabha,
in the English translated, infinite light. Because the light of the love and the comparison,
most of them has no measurement. It's just an infinite, really measurement. Therefore,
it's called Amitabha or boneless of light, light. That light is love, compassion, and Muslims,
that. And then Buddha Amitabha don't have any limitation and boundaries of their lives,
lives. There's no boundaries of lives, all measured by the numbers. And therefore,
is known as Buddha Amitayu. That means boneless lives, long life. There's no even numbers can put
by the Buddha. And then the glorious inability of the Buddha Amitabha or Amitayu is so pervasive,
inconceivable. For that reason, also is known as Buddha Xintai in Tibet, the boneless of the
glories, boneless of glories. So that is really Buddha Amitabha. And then also because of light,
that, that light is infinite light. Therefore, there is also always the brightness, clear,
clear clarity, or the vision, or the pervasive is also boneless. Therefore, also it's not
instability. Now I'm tired. Now I'm tired means no boundaries of the, of the light or the,
of the appearance or the visions is just a pervasive. So that is really the Buddha Amitabha.
How Buddha Amitabha achieved these realizations? In the Buddha teaching set, long time ago, many,
long, long, many eons, many eons, hundreds of told that are countless eons before,
there is the Buddha known as Jyukti Wamso, Jyarpo, J-I-G-T-E-N, Wamso, W-A-N-G-C-H-U-G,
and then next one is J, J-S George, so G-Y-A-L-P-O, Jyukti Wamso, Jyarpo. That is the Buddha name
of Jyukti Wamso Jyarpo. That time, who is the attendance of the Buddha Jyukti Wamso Jyarpo,
known as Hmong-Named, Hmong-M-O-N-K. Hmong-Named, Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay, C-H-O-C-H-I Choo-Jee-
M-Yoo-Nay, J-S-J-G-U-N-D-E-Y,
Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay. Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay. Attendance, that's the Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Y
oo-Nay.
How is this Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay, how he was Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay? This is Hmong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo
-Nay.
In the teaching said, Amitabha Satterb said, "Hmong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay has vastness of mindfulness,
vastness of the wisdom, vastness of the compassion, vastness of courage, vastness of joyful effort,
vastness of the vision, projection of vision, goal, goal. This Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay met
and took the bodhicata vows from this Buddha, Jikti, Hmong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay, and then he made
commitment.
Whenever I get enlightenment, I like to have my pure land. It's the whole one hundred eighty-one
thousand, one, not one hundred, one billion, one billion and eighty-one thousand pure lands.
All the qualities are completely combined in one single pure land. That is what I really want,
like to reach enlightenment. And I mean, Buddha Amitabha met so many commitments
and one was also commitment, "Whoever hears my name and pray and with good heart and good thought,
pray that may they bone immediately regardless what situation they are facing in samsara.
Immediately they bone, may they bone, they bone in my pure land." So forth, he really met one
after another so many bodhicata commitments. And with that courage and their commitment, that
vision,
Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay, the one upon a time is known as Amitabha, I mean came as like Geelong
Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay.
He accumulated all the merit and fulfilled all that commitment. And then in the teaching he said,
later after that when he reached at Bumi Bodhisattva, Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay, when he reached
at Bumi Bodhisattva at that time and Amitabha was born as a universal king known as
Yarpo Saptimushu, a universal king. And he has the minister known as
and this minister has the young, he has son who become the Buddha, who becomes the Buddha
and Rinchin Nyong-Pong and his name was Rinchin Nyong-Pong and he become the Rinchin Nyong-Pong
and this, his minister, Tramsay Jam-Choo-Dol, asked to his king, the universal king,
Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay, you must make strong one again, once again strong commitment to reach
enlightenment, become the Buddha and you're all aspiration of the Bodhisattva, you should make,
you should make that. As he encouraged in the Geelong Choo-Jee-M-Yoo-Nay, the universal king
made strong commitment and the current commitment, that moment, this Buddha,
Rinchin Nyong-Pong, he told, pronounced in the group, whole audience said, oh you came,
come here, look to the western direction, there is a beautiful universe known as
please, please, to holding or please behold, sorry, please, pleasing to behold, in the future,
that universe will become a pure land of this blessfulness and that will be your pure land,
this will be your future pure land. As he really announced that and again,
Buddha Amitabha, who is going to become Buddha Amitabha, now still is a Bodhisattva,
he accommodated so many marriages, so many marriages, so many aspirations,
so many Madhijita commitments and all that, once he all preferred, now he become the Buddha Amitab
ha.
So he is residing Buddha Amitabha in western directions. According to the great teacher,
Buddha Hakemuni, when Buddha Amitabha reached enlightenment, ten eons before our disproportionate
eons, ten eons before, ten eons before our disproportionate eons of this world,
this fortunate eons has one thousand Buddha to come, but before this ten eons, ten eons before
our this eon, our this universe, our world where we are now, ten eons before this Buddha,
Buddha Amitabha reached the enlightenment in the pure land of the Skavati in Amitabha, so
Buddha Amitabha is living Buddha. And according to the teaching, what the duration of the Buddha
Pure Land Amitabha, how the measurement of the times, again in the Buddha Hakemuni's teachings,
this one fortunate eon, this our eon from the time of the first Buddha to come in,
time of the hour, this end of this Buddha fortunate eon, the last one, one thousand Buddha,
Buddha, and that duration is roughly known as one eons. Or every very major really
according correctly, the universal to form this universe, it takes one twenty eons,
small twenty eons, and to stay this this this universe, it takes twenty eons, and to decline,
it takes twenty eons, and to completely gone, because as a sky, there's twenty eons, all together
eighty eons, small eighty eons, eighty eons makes one big eons according the teaching.
So according the measurement of the time of the Amitabha, the Pure Land of the Skavati,
the whole hour this eons, whole hour eons, one eon is according their time one day.
Can you believe? One day, it's one day. So this day, I mean, day is long,
yay is long for our standard, but for them, it's day, that's what they make it.
So now, lifespans of the Pure Land of Amitabha, whoever they, not just only Amitabha and Amitayu,
or Amitabha and Amitayu, whatever we name, called name is the same Buddha, but at the lifespans in
Magyaribha, but who born in that Pure Land, who take the birth, is also in Magyaribha.
There's no names of the getting old, sicknesses, a death of the existence, or not achieving the
goal,
what we want, and losing our weakness and all that. According the teaching, there's none of those
exist. It's all, everything is spontaneously accomplished. There is even no names of the
suffering, difficulty, troubles, and melancholy. Really, that is what the Pure Land is.
Where is this Pure Land? And again, Ananda asked to Buddha Shakyamuni, "Where this Pure Land is?"
She said, "Ananda, look to the western directions, facing western directions." And that moment,
Buddha Shakyamuni met great medical closest, and he opened the door, and he sees all the Pure Land
with the Buddha Amitabhas, and all the who are habitating in the Pure Land of Amitabha.
And then Buddha Amitabha, sorry, Buddha Shakyamuni said, "Get up, do the post check, and put in
hand,
throw flowers towards that Pure Land that you're making, offering the flowers."
That's what really it is. So it's like leaving Buddha right now. It's this. That is the Pure Land.
To take the birth in the Pure Land of Amitabha, according the teaching, and also Amitabha's
aspiration of bodhicitta is so easy. What do you have to do? There is poor,
the old practitioners, that we should do poor things. Again, the greatest teacher,
Buddha Shakyamuni said in the teaching, said, "O Ananda, whoever thinking of the Buddha Amitabha,
clearly of that whole Amitabha environment and Amitabha." And so that's the one. Thinking of that,
with that thinking, and accumulating a lot of medical activities. That is the second.
Third, really good heart bodhicitta and a dedicated merit to be born,
rebirth in Pure Land devotees. The fourth, again and again, praying, wishing,
"When I leave this world, may I take the birth in Pure Land of Amitabha."
Thinking and putting those aspirations again and again, many times. If you do that in the teaching,
again, Amitabha suttas. Whoever does that, when that individual time comes,
time comes, Amitabha, with all Amitabha, and all the retinas of the bodhisattvas and arhatas,
well come to that individual, right in front of their vision, to that individual vision.
When they see Amitabha, that individual sees the Buddha Amitabha and all the retinas,
that individual, the one who's passing, he or he or she was so delighted, so calm and so peaceful,
and never going to experience the troubles of the going through or end of the lives.
Very delighted, happy, and relaxed, open, calm. When you that individually pass the last breath
with those attitudes, surely that individually will take rebirth in Pure Land of Amitabha.
That's it, that's the really teaching. So those are known as poor causes
of the rebirth, taking rebirth in the Pure Land of Amitabha.
Now, what in the teaching is it? Many great masters said, "Of course we're doing so much practices,
we're practicing Mahamudra practices, we're practicing Dzokhi practices, and Mademaka
practices, the Pandya Paramatas, all the two practices. All those practices, excellent,
beautiful, but additionally if we do these practices, it's really additional to our support
to get enlightenment. We're not just the only thing like to get rebirth in Pure Land,
but because our principal goal is to fulfill the bodhicata commitment. When we talk the bodhicata
vows, what we said, or to benefit all living beings, I like to develop the bodhicata. I'm
checking to develop the bodhicata. So in the true development of the bodhicata, in this world,
for example, there are so many challenges. Since our courage and commitment to realization is not
so
strong, therefore there are always so many hindrance, ups and downs, almost like we are
walking on the slippery, muddy states, ups and downs, we're falling again, we restrengthen,
we're activated, we fall back to the ditch, and then again we get up there. I mean we go on and
on that, but when we detect the rebirth in Pure Land, Dzokhi, according to the teaching,
there are no obstacles. All the favorable conditions of the practice of the bodhicata
fulfill the goal and obligation of this realization. Really, it's so beautiful, so simple, so easy,
because it gets discussed naturally, that energy activated, and then practice is really activated.
Also in the teaching, the great master, Rakaama Chami, the Ragaakse said in the teaching,
when you take the birth in Pure Land, Amitabha, it's not something that you just have to be there
all the time, because now you develop, we develop the realization, our traveling or our connection,
contact is not limited by the boundaries. We can do traveling many places, many Pure Land,
to come to this universe, and what the great master, Rakaama Chami said, come every time when
each Buddha comes. For example, like Pete the Buddha, Six the Buddha, Seven the Buddha, Ed the
Buddha, all those Buddha come, you come here, receive the teaching, and then go back to the
Pure Land Amitabha. And not just only that, he said, go to the Pure Land, go all the like five
dine of Pure Land, receive teachings, and return back to the Amitabha Pure Land, or to the Copper
Glory Mountains and Pure Land, or as well as as many other Pure Land, really traveling, receive
teachings, and returning back, and that means we are not really wasting time, we are saving time,
we are accumulating marriage, one after another. So this is what this poor, poor causes take,
rebirth or reborn in the Pure Land Amitabha. It is simple, easy, and it is very effective.
What is the teaching said? Remembering of the Pure Land, Amitabha and Pure Land,
and accumulating the marriage, lot of good marriage activities, and bodhicitta,
and dedicating marriage, or bodhicitta, and dedicating marriage with aspirations.
To take rebirth in the Pure Land, myself, as well as all the beings. And we have their thoughts,
those are known as poor causes to rebirth, take rebirth in the Pure Land. And now I go a little
bit over, over, over this, we have, I'm sure you have this phrase, this is a short phrase,
a very short phrase. Amitabha practices very popular in Mahayana Buddhism, not just only
Tibetan Buddhism. In all the really Mahayana Buddhism schools, like everyone, say China,
and as well as Japan, then of course Tibet, also there's poor schools, so many schools of Buddhism,
everyone really practices Amitabha, practices very popular. And then that, but this is that,
also each of those great lineage master of the different schools wrote the prayers of Amitabha,
so many, but this, what we're following now is according to the Numa schools that made Buddhism,
teaching that. And then also we have, in this booklet, we have the very popular one,
the first one is very popular to everyone, all the schools of Buddhism, and lastly there's a prayer
,
is all the middle of this praise, such as this praise, home, the turning well of Dharma in the
land of Devaji. This is the teaching of the Raga Aksi or Karma Chami, the very famous practitioners
and a great master, Siddharth of the Numa and Akaji schools of Tibet Buddhism. And he is really
one of the great practitioners of the Amitabha, and his teaching, almost every teaching has some
teachings of the connected Amitabha practices. So this was his teaching, and the next one is
Namchi Mejo Doji. This one, this is A.M.Ao, a wonderful Amitabha. That is also teaching,
according to the teaching when Namchi Mejo Doji was about 13 years old, Amitabha and
Chini, and Santhuchintabha of Mejappani appeared right in front of the Namchi Mejo Doji, the young
boy, 13 years old, about that old, and gave taught these teachings, teaching, this short one, A.M.A
o,
so we have this, this, and then follow me here. Here, here was this page three, page three,
when I pass from the life that instantly, and this one is this four, what is called six lines.
This is again teaching of the great teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni, and this is adopted or adopted
from the King of Aspirations in Tibet. It is a very famous aspiration prayer. According to the
teaching, every master, you say this aspiration prayer compasses or condenses all the aspiration
prayers of the bodhisattvas. Every bodhisattvas should do these prayers because this has all the
aspirations, good aspiration prayer, beneficial aspiration prayers, and from that, that it is
adopted that. And last one is again, Buddha Amitabha's mantras, very popular Pemu's ones,
long one, is again teaching. So that is the, this short one here. So now, if we talk about these
four causes to the great birth of Amitabha, according these contracts, according this,
if I try to go over that. And now, what it is here, here, here is it. Blessed one, thus gone,
subjube, emiti, perfectly fully enlightened protector Amitabha. So that is what great teacher
Buddha said in his teaching, the Amitabha Sutras, who, Ananda, whoever individually,
thinking of the Buddha Amitabha again and again, thinking of the Buddha Amitabha,
and it is pure land again and again. So that is what it is really condenses. So that means
post the cause of the visualizing and meditating the presence of the pure land of Amitabha
and Amitabha with old retinas. So that is among the four causes, post the cause.
Post, so you visualize, you meditate. Even in the Suttara teaching, generally there is not much
explained about the visualizations. But the Buddha mentioned, for example, Samadhi Raja Suttaras
said,
"Whoever, the golden body is like a golden mountain or golden, golden body,
splendid a golden mountain, golden body, and the lord or protector or the protector of the world
is so utterly beautiful, utterly beautiful, and the body is a golden color. Who ever think that
Buddha in this way, that is the meditation of the bodhisattvas, bodhisattva meditating,
on every kind of way, trying to put that kind of more easy way or maybe at least my mind,
that bodhisattva, whoever thinking that Buddha is a beautiful golden, splendid, and beautiful,
right in front of the bodhisattva, whoever thinks that, that is meditation.
That is meditation. So many great masters say in the Suttara teaching, not clearly
highly lighted of the visualization practices, but this is also one of the teaching that really
explains visualizations. In this case, Amitabha, also true. Now we are going to visualize or
meditate Amitabha and all the retinues and pure land Amitabha. And that is so the post-course
to visualize and meditate. And how did pure land Amitabha, as already I said, is so beautiful,
so marvelous, and it is that this unbelievable joy, peace, happiness, relax, and fulfillment,
there's not really any troubles, name, name of the troubles, exactly, ever existing. That is pure
land Amitabha, pure Amitabha. Everything is beautiful. And so that is really what pure land.
So we visualize, for as the great teacher, Buddha Hekamuni said, in the Western direction, where is
that? In the Western direction, our universe, this universe where we are, little higher according
to the teaching, looks a little higher, higher and there is the pure land of the Amitabha.
It's perfectly, all that, the vastness of beauty, comfort, and the appealing and the pleasing,
those are has no limitation. It's just so infinite. And who has resided there?
Buddha Amitabha, residing. How is the Buddha Amitabha? It's one face, two arms, two legs, sitting
on the
lotus, one toe and feet at the lotus. Lotus above that moon, moon dress or moon cushion, cushion.
Above that, Buddha Amitabha is sitting with the lotus postures. And the backside of Buddha Amitabha
,
there is Bodhi tree, the wish probability trees that has all the qualities of the trees,
beautiful qualities, and granted all the wishes, wishes. Buddha Amitabha is a relaxing, calm,
peaceful, with compassion, looking to all the living beings without any exception or discrimination
,
really love and compassion, all that. So that is Buddha Amitabha, is a major,
the 32 major marks and 80 manual marks, exactly the same as Buddha Shakyamuni or the Buddhas,
and emanating so many boundless light to us, to all the beings for six rims. Feel strongly that
presence, calm, peaceful, joy, and happy with that. And the right side of Buddha Amitabha is
then Bodhisattva, the two principal disciples. And right side is Avalokiteshara, Chinese,
white in the colors, and also in the right hand. Right hand is a gesture of the protection
mother. Protection mother, like hand, palms hold up, and the protection mother is like this.
And the left hand, he hold white lotus. That lotus has six patterns that open their own,
his air levels. And the left side of this Buddha Amitabha is, again, supreme disciples.
And Vaidyapani, and also Vaidyapani's name, another name is Tuchintop, power of all the abilities.
So that's Tuchintop and Vaidyapani, same. And the color is blue. And again, right hand is
a protection mother. Left hand is again holding blue lotus. Above that, he's holding Vaidyapani,
five pointy Vaidyapani. Both Bodhisattva's eyes are standing up, and the Sambukaya ornaments,
such as that means what? Those five clothes, five suit clothes, and eight jewels, that including
ear chrome, earrings, and necklace, long necklace, short necklace, medium necklace,
armlets, anklelets, and bracelets, and all those. Those are eight jewels and a stand.
And these two, these are three principle enlightened beings, the Buddha Amitabha,
Nithyananda, and Vaidyapani surrounded by all the Bodhisattvas. So many Bodhisattvas,
countless in the teachings, really surrounded by so many Bodhisattvas, so many Arhathas.
Those Arhathas appeared as a form of Arhatha, but they are great Bodhisattvas, all Bodhisattvas.
And they all are right in front of us and looking to us with the eye of love and the
compassion of Vaidyapani, and emanating light of love and the compassion of Vaidyapani,
from the Buddha Amitabha, and as well as our Lokurikura, Vaidyapani, to us, and to all the beings,
instantly removing all the obstacles, obscurations, handiness, negativities,
ours, and every living being, really feel that strongly, strongly, in front of that,
then such as us, not just according to my teaching, not just I'm standing, I'm praying,
but we think, inviting all the beings with six rims, they are now really opening their heart,
troubled by the Amitabha, and Vaidyapani, and our Lokurikura. They're all chanting,
they're all praying, talking, one point of the thought, that everyone likes to remove their
obscurations, obstacles, for all the Bodhisattva commitment, discovering our innate nature,
Buddha nature, everyone, and that also Bodhisattvas are emanating so many lights,
light to us, really feel so strongly, calm, comfortable, and with a pull of confidence.
And the teaching said, if you have the confidence and with the devotions,
Bodhisattvas are right there. Actually, every hour activities, our performance are relying
right tip of our intentions. If we put the intentions, the rest will come, and we have
the courage and the commitment and the joyful effort. It really follows that. So therefore,
what the gracious teacher, Bodhisattva community said, everything is a condition, a circumstance,
that circumstance and a condition is the intention. And we have the intention,
determinations, that means also intention, and we have that. The result, what we wish will follow.
Therefore, we think that every living being really will purify all obscurations. In a way,
when we are practicing, we are representing all the beings of six realms to bring them peace,
joy, happiness, performance, realization, remove all the unwanted obstacles,
hindrance, obscurations, really feel that. And that is known as the visualizations of the
object of a rafuj or possible cause. What the gracious teacher said, I said quite a few times,
ananda, remember, whoever remember, thinking of the Buddha Amitabhas again and again.
Amitabha is violent and rational. That's amazing. That's what we think again and again.
Then with that, now what the gracious teacher said, the second cause. The second cause is
to accumulate the merits. What the teaching said, Amitabha Sudhar said,
accumulate the imaginary activities. So that is merit. Now, meritorious activities. You do.
And the meritorious activity is again, you all know, the bodhijata, the best one in the bodhijata
and the good heart, the heart and the earth. All that is also really a highlight of the
positive action, negative action, trying to avoid negative actions and accumulate more positive
activities, more positive activities and really bodhijata thoughts. And then also each time when
you do the practice, dedicated that merit, may I and every living being by this cause to take
rebirth
in the purely Amitabhas. Myself, all the beings, all our loved ones, all our friends, family
members
and all the sentient beings, really everyone reach enlightenment and birth, take the birth
in purely Amitabha. So that is my brilliant talk for today. And which means I spoke among poor
causes of the Amitabha. To take rebirth in the Amitabha, I spoke first one, visualizing the
Amitabha, it is pure land and the rationals. That's I spoke and then I go over the second and third
and the fourth. That is firstly, second is again, accumulated merit, as mentioned. And then
with bodhijata, that is third and fourth is aspiration prayer with the dedicating or
dedicating with the aspiration prayers. That is fourth. Those four are, if we do this,
if we do it, if we can do it every day, just a short time, even these short prayers,
then really it is good. Three times this joined and joined the mantra with that intention and
dedicating merit for all the beings. And that is a very special practices to benefit ourselves
and to others. As I said, even we practice very famous and very, very high in the practice of
very under teaching. But if we do this addition, it is really quite very good. It just, it will
make our thing more comfortable, more smooth and more direct to the performance of all our
practices.
So that is my talk for today and thank you very much everyone. Your body is speaking. Okay. Thank
you. Thank you everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. And then so we, maybe we do a short time,
these prayers, really we do short time and you all have these prayers. So again, we do this prayer
short time and then after that we do short dedicating prayer and that we completed then
our first session. The second session we're going to our, our daily practices of that. If you like
have time, please join with us. Otherwise then we, that's the first session we completed. Okay.
Blessed one, thus gone should you be emitted. Perfectly, fully enlightened, protectable Amitabha.
To you I pay homage, make offerings and go for refuge. Please bless me so that we build in a
divine home, train the will of Dharma and land with divine concern. Looking always on the beings
in the eye of our compassion, protecting sentient beings. Yes, I see you out. I pay homage to Amit
abha
who is abiding in the body of the Mother.
[Singing]
When I pass from this life, that instant, may I glorify all my aspirations, behold the Buddha of
infinite light and travel to the pure land of sukawati. When I am there, may all my aspirations
in a complete natural eyes [Singing]
[Singing]
Okay, thank you very much everyone for this session and now so we complete the first session.
The teachings on Amitabha really and then next one we continue to follow the second and third
part those causes and again I will let up the highlight of each of those points
and we talk that we thank you very much everyone again to Akhidele's best wishes. Now we do that
our evening practices again we do the with the with the Vedekalaya practices I think.